when choosing a new duty station and determining whether it's good for
your family or not. Their implicit questions there, uh, does your does
your spouse work? Uh, are you what type of regain it can run from.
What type of? Whether you like it. Uh, so what type of schools you're
gonna be around for your kids, what type of experiences you want
them to have and you're gonna There's gonna be sacrifices and do those
choices regardless. So if you choose to go overseas, the schools
might not be as good. Um, then, if you stayed in the United States,
uh, however, that experience could be a tremendous experience for
both you and your Children. Uh, there's not really a good, uh, way to
answer that question, but it really just depends what's important
to you, your spouse and how it affects your Children.